托福2020考前复习-Writing

[TOC]

#### Independent Writing Task

##### G1. Movies: serious or entertaining 

1. ...has witnessed <u>unprecedented</u> boom in recent years
2. delighted with an ample supply of ...
3. To begin with.../ In addition... / Even though.../ Therefore... 
4. Books can provide humans with food for thought
5. The plot is so thought-provoking that...
6. Needless to say,...
7. In conclusion, the merits encompassed within...
8. As long as the film industry advances toward further development, fans of serious movies are always ready to render their support.

##### G2. Is relating well to other more important than studying hard?

1. It has been widely acknowledged that...
2. ... pave the way for ...
3. above all.../ secondly.../ Nevertheless.../to sum up...
4. the essences contained within ...
5. ... simply resemble the concrete frames of architecture. Without them, the building would soon collapse.
6. It is **imperative** for... to do
7. Diligence is the premise of a bright future.
8. This vividly demonstrates ...
9. Bearing in mind their common goal...
10. It is such a dramatic effect that depicts the value of ...
11. Nevertheless, even thou we have ascertained the value of ...
12. as this crucial period in life definitely constitutes a stepping stone to a bright future

##### G3. Do grades encourage students to learn?

1. in a sense
2. Grades also help <u>reveal</u> a student's shortcomings in studies.
3. consequently..
4. as long as the grading system is managed appropriately at schoold, students will always cherish the dream of gaining high marks and thus have the <u>impetus</u> to fight for it.
5. Concerning all the details mentioned above,...

##### G4. Is daily homework necessary for students?

1. Tracing back to...
2. To learn with constant perseverance and practice what you have learned is a pleasure.
3. ... is a perfect conduction of ...
4. Based on all the reasons listed above, I reiterate my standpoint

##### G5. Is the ability to write well more important than that of speaking?

1. A general controversy rises up when the two are presented together.
2. ... is no less important than ...
3. With reference to the skill of speaking, **eloquence** is a most direct indication of one's outstanding talent, thus paving the way toward career success.
4. The significance of a person's writing ability should also be mentioned.
5. For a white collar worker, <u>having the competence to</u> draft articles may be an important stepping stone leading toward promotion and career success.
6. The same is true with any other masterpieces to be eternally cherished and memorized.
7. <u>There should be no prejudice against</u> either of these two basic skills.
8. As long as our society continues to progress, the demand for... will be on the rise.

##### G6. What can help you to succeed?

1. ... of numerous world-renowned celebrities justify the idea that...
2. be held in the palm of his own hand
3. otherwise such opportunities will be wasted and **futile**
4. As far as I am concerned, being accepted and sustained by others is only an external rather than **decisive factor** of success.
5. Therefore, seize the opportunity and continue to work diligently, as this is the key to success. Neither step should be neglected.
6. The untiring efforts of an individual are keys to success.

##### G7. Is it more important to work quickly with risks making mistakes than to work slowly with everything correct?

1. Time and tide wait for no man.
2. A second saved is a second gained. Therefore, a **feasible** schedule should be drafted and strictly followed.
3. <u>Here is a concrete example to</u> testify to the importance of time.
4. Learning from the past help to avoid future **blunders**.
5. Attentiveness(concentration,focus)

##### G8. Is it essential for young people to have the ability to plan and organize?

1. Evidently, the ability to plan and organize <u>is not merely a prerequisite for</u> ...
2. With a clear goal in mind, they will <u>have the impetus to strive for</u>...
3. Viewed from a certain angle,...

##### G9 Shouldn't people pay for public transportation?

1. In recent years, a controversial proposal was brought before the public eye,...
2. Firstly not paying for the public transport will <u>exert an excessive financial burden on</u> the government.
3. On the other hand, if people don't pay for bus rides, some bus companies might <u>reach the verge of bankruptcy</u>.

##### G10. Land: for human needs or for endangered animals?

1. <u>No one wishes to witness</u> the rootless existence of those who are not settled down due to the lack of living space.
2. <u>Without a doubt, humans should also be on a mission to</u> protect animals from dying out.
3. Land management is by no means an easy task.

##### G11. Should the government focus more on preserving natural environment and less on economic development?

1. Should emphasis be laid upon the rapid advancement of economy at the cost of a deteriorated environment?
2. It is the inescapable obligation on the part of the government to ensure the sustainable development of both nature and economy.
3. To begin with, as the foundation of society, economy is of top priority in all nations.
4. <u>Likewise</u>, environmental preservation is also of vital importance.
5. It is the government's responsibility <u>to implement effective policies</u> and take immediate measures to <u>combat these hazard</u>s.
6. in fact, in effect
7. Thus, if the economy is to prosper further then the environment is also to become friendlier than ever.


##### G12. Should people work in the same company or for the same employer for their whole life?

1. Outwardly, it appears to be a desired privilege for ...
2. Today out modern society is advancing at a remarkable speed.
3. There is no denying that ...
4. If there is no pressure of job losses, employees will <u>lose the impetus to</u> make progress and thus working efficiency might be negatively affected.

##### G13. Should young people try different jobs before they decide on their long-term job or career?

1. Consequently, it is definitely advisable for young people to ...
2. Furthermore, in the face of  uncertainties, practice  is the only criterion for testing truth.

##### G14. Is it advisable for teenage children to take part-time job?

1. It also <u>denotes</u> numerous encounters with challenges that may have never shown up during the golden years of childhood.

##### G15. Are some scientists responsible for the negative impacts made by their discoveries?

1. Undeniably, any breakthrough made in the field of science symbolizes <u>not only</u> the <u>unmatchable</u> intelligence of mankind, <u>but also</u> significant progress of human society.
2. In my opinion, such a prejudice should be eliminated.
3. For instance, before a new discovery is put to use for human needs, the discoverer <u>is obliged to</u> formulate official instructions which must include the most detailed introduction, the most accurate methods of application, and all the areas it can be used, as well as a list of potential side effects or threats it might bring.
4. Besides, governments should also <u>shoulder the responsibility of</u> supervising the applications of major discoveries, making sure that they are used legally and correctly.


##### G16. Is advertising the main cause of unhealthy eating habits?

1. Nowadays critics have never stopped complaining about the side effects from the....
2. Therefore, it is rash to consider it a major cause of those unhealthy eating habits.
3. It deserves focused attention from both the public and each individual.

##### G17. Does playing sports teach us about life?

1. Today, modern citizens are blessed with more diversified choices of games than ever.
2. This famous notion was first brought up by a French thinker named Voltaire.
3. ... involves body movements and physical strength, which in turn <u>constitutes an indispensable benefit to one's life.</u>

##### G18.  Are environmental issues too complex to be handled by the individual?

1. Issues concerning the environment are still on the rise. In the face of such a complex situation, immediate action ought to be taken, ...
2. As long as the entire society is on a mission to combat the existing and potential environmental challenges, sooner or later the day will arerive when the earth is safeguarded and its environment is further improved rather than deteriorating.

##### G19. The most important things for governments to do to improve health care.

1. A **<u>sophisticated</u>** health care system does not merely optimize social welfare that benefits the people, but also help the authorities gain more support from the general public.
2. <u>From my standpoint, it is undoubtedly</u> an effective choice, <u>yet</u> other methods also deserve equal attention.
3. Only concentrating on one specific area <u>is far from enough</u>.
4. In this respect, perfecting health care not only complies with the essential interests of people, but also helps strengthen the national power of the country.
5. As a result, it is imperative for the government to clean the environment by strictly eliminating any potential sources of pollutants.
6. A **sound** health care system ought to be established.
7. In summary, <u>with the purpose of</u> establishing a most satisfactory social health care system, <u>unremitting efforts ought to be made by</u> the government.

##### G20. The only way the government can conserve energy.

1. Here on Earth, <u>ever increasing quantities of</u> energy are being expended daily.
2. There is every reason to emphasize the urgency in conserving energy.
3. However, the side effects of such action should not be overlooked.

#### Integrated Writing Task 

##### T1

The speaker and the author hold **divergent** attitudes toward... Through **relevant** reasons and examples, <u>the lecture **extensively** **refutes** the viewpoints stated in the reading material</u>.

<u>According to the writer, ... To **rebut** this idea, the professor claims that</u>...

Second, the passage says that... while the lecturer argues that... This will... which contradicts the point made in this passage.

Finally, opposing the author's belief that..., the professor contends that...

##### T2

The material focus on the prospects of... The author anticipates that... while the speaker presents his opposite thoughts.

As the passage declares,... In contrast, the professor stresses ... Thus, the assumption of the author is severely weakened.

Second, the passage maintains that... Again, this is retorted by the lecture, which asserts that... Obviously, this forms a sharp contradiction against what is stated by the writer.

Finally, the author takes it for granted that... Yet the professor insists that ... which completely reject the opinion shown in the passage.

##### T3

The author discusses ... However, the speaker displays a contradictory view that...

First, the passage says that... But the professor challenges this idea by providing the truth that...

Second, the writer indicates that... To render disproof, the lecturer reveals a piece of information about... which further refutes the example in the reading.

Last, the passage puts all the blame on ... arguing that ... whereas the lecture contends that...by covering up the ... and this overturns the writer's concept.

##### T4

The speaker raises doubts on the writer's deduction that... According to the lecture,...

First, the article bases its reference on the discovery that... while the lecture argues that... This contradicts the assumption in the passage.

Second, the author advocates that... However, as is rebutted by the speaker..., which objects to what the passage suggests.

Finally, the lecture challenges the writer's supposition that...

##### T5

The passage concentrates on ... But the lecturer demonstrates his disagreement, arguing that the merits of ....

First of all, the writer claims that... Nevertheless, the professor firmly opposes the standpoint that ...

Second, the writer regards...as..., while the lecture refutes this false impression and clarifies the truth that...

Third, as the author puts it,... However, the lecturer present his disapproval by explaining ...