TOEFL2020考前复习-Listening

[TOC]

##### TPO35 

L2

1. be called into question 被质疑，有疑问的
2. And we think there was an abundance of **edible** plants and animals in the area at that time that make this **shift away** from a nomadic lifestyle possible.
   这两个词读起来都认识但是听着没反应过来
3. Keep in mind that the Natufians were **hunter-gatherers**.
   复合词，听着可以拆解猜意思
4. Now, no one is contesting that these people, probably descendants of the Natufians, **were indeed** sedentary by 11,500 years ago.
   这里连读，注意判断
5. Archaeologists have found numerous circular structures dating from that period that appear to have been used to store **grain**. ... First, the remains of **barley** houses have been found inside them.
   关键词没听懂，但是后句有barley的解释句，应能判断出来
6. The floors on these structures were **elevated**.
7. This design would have been **consistent** with the need to keep the barley dry and safe from **rodents**.
   be consistent with 应该记住
   rodent 后句没有给解释句
8. But some archaeologist have questioned the **criteria** used to identify permanent settlements.
9. Researchers point to the lack of grain **remnants** in these earlier structures.
10. Large, heavy mortars... the sort of thing that would have been used for **grinding** grain.
  mortar 的解释句

C2

1. Really?The Bayeux **tapestry**? I thought it was pretty creative to use something that was made to hang on a wall as a source.
   后句有关于tapestry的解释，但是hang on这个短语发音短，要注意听
2. Imagine the time it took for those **embroiderers** to sew all those words and images to tell the story of the Norman forces sailing from France to England.
   embroiderer 后面紧跟的 to sew说明了词意，但是同2，注意听 
3. You have to understand that the tapestry **depicted** an entire series of events as they were interpreted by the Normans, the victors of the battle.

L3

1. Frescos are basically paintings done on the **interiors** of buildings, on walls and ceilings.
2. Also, the walls weren't completely waterproof. Moisture could **seep** in. Buildings were often damp. There was no way to really control humidity inside buildings in those days.
   关于潮湿的几个单词
3. So for example, sometimes thin **reed mats** were stuck onto the walls.
   其实这个词跟其他专业名词一样不需要听懂什么意思，从后句知道作用就ok
4. So it was the wall, then the mats, then **plaster** on top of the mats, then the fresco painted onto the plaster.
   遇到没听懂的名词可以先记住发音和相关作用，为选项判断提供帮助
   后句Plaster is a whitish kind of **paste** - a mixture of lime, water and sand... 给出了解释，但是距离了两句
5. The technique of creating frescos was developed overtime and eventually perfected during the Renaissance, a time when **immense** buildings were being **erected** as symbols of wealth and power.
6. The owners of these grand buildings wanted to decorate the walls to reflect their own **affluence** and **prestige**.
7. But **there is** this popular mental image people have **of** an artistic genius producing a masterpiece in total solitude.
   较复杂的句式

L4

1. An **asteroid** hit Earth.
   不难猜
2. And as the climate warmed up, plant and animal species began to diversify **profusely**.
3. And so researchers have been looking for an impact **crater**.
   从impact应该能猜到大概意思
4. Evidence of what may be a **mascon**. That's just short for mass concentration.
   解释句在后面，但是要反应过来mass 和 concentration的不常见意思
5. When an asteroid hits Earth, when it **slams** into Earth's **crust**, we think that causes molten rock from deep below the surface to rise up into the impact area.
6. Sort of like if you bump your head, you get a big **lump** under the skin. **Fluid** makes the area **swell**.
7. Some apparently have **extraterrestrial** origin.


##### TPO36

C1

1. If you want to study the Navajo language, learn more about their religion, their history... that's part of cultural **anthropology**.
2. 这篇听得中心词句没有把握好，没有太多难词，串联不到位

L1

1. Well, maybe it's not all **doom and gloom**.
2. An isotope is a form of a chemical element that has the same number of protons in its atomic **nucleus** but a different number of **neutrons**.
   isotope的解释句，其中有些专有名词应该记住
3. The main source of helium-3 in our solar system is solar wind - a stream of **lethal** radiation and particles pouring off the Sun.
4. **It seems a sure bet that** helium - 3 is available in abundant quantities on the moon.
5. Fusion is the same nuclear reaction that **fuels stars**, which as you know, produces **unfathomable** amounts of energy.
   这里fuels stars 的特殊条件下的含义
6. In fact, one **proponent stated** you could safely build a helium - 3 power plant in the middle of a city.

L2

1. Sometimes we do just **stumble** onto an important find when doing field research.
2. The newest **twist** on remote sensing - quite new - is "**infrared** imaging".
   twist 在这里的意思是改进
3. Using infrared imaging, the satellite - based remote sensing instruments **revealed** what turned out to be traces of water storage systems and canals, canals that the Mayans built to **irrigate** their **parched** soil, which helps explain how the Mayans could feed such a large population.

L3

1. They were designed to look like historical **cottages** in the New England states.
2. You had the downstairs, but up the stairs, the house actually had unfinished **attic** space as well.
   中间有一段关于材料和经济性的解说走神了
3. Plus, the <u>exterior</u> had a more modern look. This model was called a <u>ranch</u> house.
   这两个词在听的时候没有反应过来
4. Another way they kept construction prices down was to train workers who went from house to house doing a specific task, sort of like an **assembly line**.
   这里assembly line 没听出来导致选项不确定，但是后面紧跟的解释句应该能猜出来

L4

1. Also, each wobbler species <u>breeds</u> at a different time of a year.
   这个词要加强，不能一听这个音就觉得是breathe


##### TPO37

C1

1. But I think **your best be**t is to keep reading and finding more books and articles.
   意为“你最好的打算”
2. And you could even ask to meet with the **curator** and ask for her insights.

L1

1. We're **going into this in some depth**, but for now let's just **lay down the basics**.
   注意课程中运用的说法
2. Physical weathering, that's when exposure to the elements over time causes a rock to break up and eventually **disintegrate**.
3. It's **the remains of** the plants and animals, but mostly plants.
   这里引申为“尸体”
4. Just as rocks are broken down by weathering, the animal and plant **residues** are broken down, too.
5. So the upper levels of the soil eventually **get depleted of** these materials, while the lower levels get enriched with them.

L2

1. In our last class we began talking about animal **domestication**.
2. And we said it's the process **whereby** a population of animals is **bred** in captivity and becomes accustomed to being provided for and controlled by humans.
3. Domesticable animals tend to live in **herds** or **packs**, with clear dominance **hierarchies**.
   一开始被有些句子的专有名词难住了后面就开始发蒙了可真难受啊
4. By **supplanting** the alpha individual, they could gain control of the whole group or of individuals as in the case of dogs.
5. The paintings from about 3600 years ago typically show cats in Egyptian homes **poised** under chairs, sometimes wearing **collars**, eating scrapes of food out of bowls.
   这里虽然不是考点，但是有些细节的词还是不熟悉，也不是不认识，就是听着反应不过来
6. Interestingly, the cat's body was **oriented** in the same westward direction as the human's body.
7. All modern domesticate cats <u>arose from</u> just one subspecies of wild cat from that single location: the Fertile Crescent, and <u>not from any of</u> the other four subspecies of wild cats located in other areas throughout the world.
   这里的关键谓语和后面的介词没有反应过来句子关系，就打乱了听力记忆
8. For years, researchers have **pondered** this question of cat domestication, and the best I can do here is just a theory?
9. Mice were attracted to these settlements, and cats, being obligate **carnivores** they must eat meat to **thrive**.
10. In fact, at least two of the other subspecies are known to be relatively friendly, but the Fertile Crescent subspecies had, well, a head start because of its **proximity** to the first human settlements. And as agriculture spread, the **tamed** ancestors of this subspecies spread with it.

C2

1. You want the production to run on two **consecutive** nights.
2. The only bookings at the small theater are some **recitals** in the beginning of the month.
3. Our idea is to reproduce the conditions of an Elizabethan playhouse, make it as **authentic** as possible.
4. That's how the custom of having an **intermission** started.


L3

1. I think it <u>places</u> unfortunate limits on out analyses, makes it hard to make strong arguments about the painting.
   这个词没听明白影响后面理解了
2. Most people today might've never heard of the Mona Lisa - or of many other now - famous works of art for that matter  -  <u>if it hadn't been for</u> Giorgio Vasari.
3. In the mid-1500s, he wrote a book called Lives of the Most **Eminent** Painters, Sculptors, and Architects.
4. That give you glimpses in the artist's private lives, their dreams, their fears, their **virtues**, their **vices**.
5. In his book, Vasari also **tackled**, quite successfully I might add, the enormous task of sorting out which works had been done.
6. Since Vasari's tales are so **compelling** and because they have been repeated by so many **subsequent** authors, they're still often taken at <u>face value</u>.

L4

1. Mammals and birds are the classes that fall under this category, and ectotherms, that's pretty much everything else, including **reptiles**, **amphibians**, insects.


##### TPO38

C1

1. I heard that he's <u>taking a last-minute leave of absence next year</u>.
2. He'll be in Botswana, helping develop the new cognitive science program at our <u>sister university</u> there.
3. It's actually a city **ordinance**.

L1

1. Listen to part of a lecture in a **botany** class.
2. This virus can cause a change in **pigmentation** that dramatically affects the color of the plant's leaves or flower **petals**.
3. With the color **intensified** in one part of the flower petal and faded in another, this is called color breaking.
4. The tulip-breaking virus is now known to have **detrimental** effects on plants.
5. Not until the early 1900s was it known what caused the color breaking in tulips, what made the tulip plant produce flower so **radically** different in color in pattern form what you would have expected.
6. Tulip flowers with **stripes** or **streaks** or feather or flame patterns on there petals. 
7. In the 17th century, the Netherlands was among the most important trading centers in all of Europe with lots of rich **merchants** who wanted to **showcase** their wealth, for example, by displaying **exotic** tulips in their private gardens.
8. A **tulip** is typically grown from an underground **bulb**.
   做题的时候听到这句话才反应过来讲的是郁金香
9. Although as it flowers the old bulb **shrivel** to almost nothing.
10. But the huge **speculative** bubble created by this tulip craze eventually collapsed.
11. Later on, tulip breeders learned to **duplicate** color breaking in healthy, uninfected plants.

L2

1. If you were to flip through an **automotive** magazine, what kind of ads would you expect to find?
2. Even though it seems **counterintuitive**, research shows that this also is effective marketing strategy.
3. So what marketers have to do then is carefully research potential customers and look for **overlap**ping interests, which magazine overlaps most with the interests of the car buyer.
4. They processed the information more carefully when it appears in a **medium** with a different theme.(**criteria**)

C2

1. What a shame she <u>didn't</u> go into teaching.
   这个否定没听到导致一题错了
2. I saw this **blurb** in the school paper about an exchange program, and today there was a **booth** set up in the student center with a couple of students answering questions about the university's programs in foreign countries.
3. I think <u>that's satisfied my urge to</u> travel.

L3

1. In my cases, moving away from traditional western scales an **tonalities**.
2. He realized that music doesn't need to be created **intentionally**.
3. When it was performed the first time, a pianist sat on the stage at the piano and the only thing he did was raise and lower the **lid** of the keyboard to indicate the beginning or ending of a environment.
4. Well, the audience was **outraged**.
5. The fact that the audience was **scandalized** showed that they missed the whole point of his composition.
6. And **whilst** in fact during that first performance, the sound of wind and rain and people **muttering**.
7. It's often **misinterpreted**. It's been **choreographed**, in dance performances for instance, in which case the sound was the beat of the dancers' feet against the stage floor.

L4

1. We believe our <u>solar system began as</u> a huge spinning cloud of dust and gas, which flattened and eventually collapsed in on itself.
   从这开始没跟上，其实都是定义句，记下来关键名词就好
2. Little grains of rock and metal within the disk **collided** with each other and stuck together.
3. The other theory is called the disk **instability** theory.
4. Over time, dust particles within a gas **clump** **coalesce**, bond together, and eventually fall toward the center, creating a core.

##### TPO39

C1

1. She's written some **decent** stuff.
2. It really <u>threw me for a loop</u>.
3. But this performance, borrowing Grotowski's principles, was really **confrontational**- a little uncomfortable.

L1

1. Now, much of biology is studied through the **lens** of evolution.
2. So from fewer, simpler, and relatively similar forms of life billions of years ago, life on Earth has now become a **dazzling** **array** of diversity and complexity.
3. Huge numbers of these microbes began producing food by <u>photosynthesis</u> which, of course, also **freed** up enormous amounts of oxygen.
   这里photosynthesis的词意是光合作用，生物相关经常有
4. Microbial mats are vast colonies of one-called organisms that were once the most **prevalent** form of life on Earth.

L2

1. Since **ethnography** is all about the **descriptive** study of an individual culture, film has proved to have great value as a tool for **anthropologists** in their research.
2. The **intent** of the community-determined approach is to achieve a kind of shared **authorship**.
3. And it allows the filmmakers to **shed** some of their assumptions, so that they better interpret what they see.
4. So native language, rather than a **dubbed** voice-over in the filmmakers's language, is the primary language of the film.
5. And the subtitles probably only give the **gist** of what's actually being said.

L3

1. Thoreau himself praised trains for changing the way people experienced their own bodies for **stirring** the imagination in new ways.
2. Thoreau is sometimes seen as being <u>anti</u>-modern, but he's not.
   这里的这个anti发成了안타이的音
3. He uses poetic language, descriptive **metaphors** to inspire, to **awe** his readers, to communicate the fact that the railroad was a **feat** of human **ingenuity**.
4. He worries about people no longer thinking for themselves and uncritically accepting all this cheap, popular literature, and the **trivial** details of the news.
5. When there's a new invention- a new computer or mobile phone technology, some new **gadget**.
6. And it's causing some **friction** between him and our parents.

L4

1. There's more **cellulose** than any other organic **molecule** on Earth.
2. Now many organisms live on the energy they **derive** from consuming cellulose.
3. And second, after the enzyme bas broken down the cellulose, **yeast** and other microorganisms are added to **ferment** those sugars into cellulosic **ethanol**.
4. Now they're working on enhancing, improving, certain natural characteristics of these microorganisms, **manipulating** them with **sophisticated** technology.

##### TPO40

C1

1. I thought I'd focus on various kinds of **eateries**.
2. The **protocols** to be followed.

L1

1. But as I looked at the painting longer, I realized that the boy's eyes looked sad even though there was no **discernable** expression on his face.

L2

1. There were simply too many fishing **vessels** - sophisticated vessels - competing for fewer and fewer fish.
2. They could be just as **prone** to overexploiting that resource as a group.

C2

1. The job here in the library **archive**?

L3

1. We all have a personal **stake** in this, because burning carbon is the basis of life.
2. It's basically already filled to the brim with carbon, when we start adding fossil carbon into the mix, it starts to **spill** over.
3. In fact it can become good carbon, if we **endeavor** to allow forests to recover this carbon.

L4

1. For instance, in almost every case thus far, the first thing private companies do  is **drastically** raise user fees.
2. But the mere prospect of **astronomical** toll hikes is still alarming to governments when they think about selling or **leasing** parts of an infrastructure.

##### TPO41

C1

1. He'll be researching how bridges and **culverts** that've been installed to allow **tidal** water to move underneath roads between the sea and the slat marshes.

L1

1. But succulent plants have a spread-out and **shallow** root system that can quickly pull in water from the top inch of soil, though the soil has to be **saturated**, since succulents aren't good at absorbing water from soil that's only a little moist.
2. And to keep that moisture from evaporating in the hot desert sun, most succulent plants have a waxy outer layer that makes them almost waterproof when their **stomates** are closed.
3. Well, drought - tolerant plants also go into a **dormant** state when resources run short.

L2

1. And this was the **brainchild** of John.

L3

1. You see, to deal with the wide variety of commissions they received - orders, basically, for specific types of art, specific projects - to handle these, master artists often employed assistants, as **apprentices**.
2. And the master had to arrange for marble to be **quarried**, things like that.
3. <u>It wasn't yet **customary**</u> for architects to give their assistants <u>measured drawings</u> to work from.
   这里作为测量好的图纸，对应后面提到的口头指令

L4

1. And it **bodes** well for future research.


##### TPO42

L1

1. In many cases, the **pigment** would have simply **deteriorated**.
2. In other cases, the pigment may have been <u>weathered away</u> while exposed to the elements , or someone may have **rigorously** cleaned the statues and unknowingly removed the last traces of pigment.
3. So the fact is we do have evidence of **polychrome** sculptures from Greece and Rome from the seventh century B.C.E.
4. A color might symbolize heroism, **divinity** or youth.
5. The **cloak'**s a special **garment** that was traditionally worn by an emperor on the battlefield.

L2

1. Efforts at mapping, or surveying the universe making a sort of **atlas** of galaxies, have been going on for more than fifty years.
2. An irregular cluster might appear to be **lopsided**, asymmetrical, with a low concentration of galaxies in the center.
3. But the individual galaxies within it are **elliptical**.
4. He said basically that clusters have a **radius** of roughly 2 <u>megaparsecs</u>.
   megaparsec 这个词的意思是百万秒误差，看看就完了

C2

1. There are at least a dozen dance and drama groups on campus and <u>they're all scrambling for</u> rehearsal space right now.

L3

1. Believe it or not, the only other place chitin is found in abundance is in the <u>exoskeletons</u> of insects, crabs, and such.
   这个词其实从exo+skeleton能推测出意思，但是skeleton这个词没反应过来
2. And as their name implies, they exist as **filaments**.
3. The heavy metals are still there, but instead of **leaching** into the water system and **contaminating** the water underground, large amounts of these metals  may remain bound to the chitin.

L4

1. And that <u>wraps up</u> our discussion of how the **retail** <u>sector</u> ways in which retail managers deal with customer complaints.
   这里的retail注意一下商业lecture中经常见到
2. And it must also be communicated **promptly** to everyone in your organization who deals with customers so they'll know what to do.
3. Service recovery **encompasses** all the actions taken to get a disappointed customer back to a state of satisfaction.
4. So in this case, that hotel chain might consider itself the beneficiary of the so-called service recovery **paradox**.


##### TPO43

L2

1. You'd need training in the symbols and in the **manipulation** of those symbols to work out mathematical problems.
2. Some <u>subjects</u> were consistently able to identify which group of dots was larger even if there was a small ratio.
   这里subject指实验对象

L3

1. Although the Pulitzer Prize Committee did give him a **citation** in 1984 for his "special contribution over nearly half a century to the education and enjoyment of America's children and their parents". 
2. He had this **uncanny** **knack** for creating the illusion of great distance with some very simple shapes and lines.
3. But what from a **pedagogical** standpoint?
4. He called the books boring, **contrived**, and **utterly** humorless.
5. Another character, a talking fish, tries to warn the children that they'll be blamed for the cat's crazy **antics**.

L4

1. So they can't travel through a vacuum, where there's no dense physical medium, which is why they can't travel through **interplanetary** space.
2. They result from **oscillations** of the electromagnetic field and don't need a physical medium.

##### TPO44

L1

1. A team of material scientists in Massachusetts has been working on a new **ultrathin** coating that might be applied to objects.
   ultra + thin = 超薄的

L2

1. Then a little later, a messenger arrives and describes how Hippolytus was riding in his <u>chariot</u> when a giant bull appeared out of the ocean and cause the chariot to crash.
   这个词的意思是二轮战车，知道意思就行
2. But to understand Greek plays, you need to understand an additional function of the **chorus**.
   chorus 合唱队 choir 唱诗班
3. It was designed to take advantage of the natural **acoustic** benefits of the setting.
4. The shape of the bowl captured sound and **funneled** it upwards, so that even in the top rows, **spectator** were  able to hear the performers very clearly.
   spectator audience
5. This was long before theater **binoculars** were invented.

C2

1. You were on a **panel** of professors, and you were talking about the art department.

L3

1. Those **cradles** of agriculture include the Middle East, China and Southeast and parts of the Americas.
2. And many plant remains don't preserve well in **swampy** soils, in humid environments like you often find in New Guinea.
3. From the oldest soil layer, dating back 10,000 years, they found evidence of **pits**, stake holes, and **ditches**.
4. **Mounds** were constructed to plant crops that can't tolerate very wet soil.
5. Also grains of **starch** from **taro** on the edges of stone tools that date from about 10,000 years ago.
6. It's remained an **egalitarian** and rural society, so wat does that tell us about the usual assumption.

L4

1. So you have huge amounts of water trying to flow through these relatively small tunnels and that turn **turbines** that generate electricity.(barrage)
2. But it would also affect the mud flats - those areas of mud that normally are exposed when the tide **recedes**.
3. Right now the water in an estuary is very <u>cloudy</u>.
   这里的cloudy指浑浊的
4. The tidal currents are constantly **churning** up the sediments that rivers deposit in the estuary.

##### TPO45

L2

1. But the artist were starting to experiment with a more **secular** point of view as well - a tendency to also use the natural world as the subject matter for their art.
2. From there, Alberti suggested the artist imagine attaching the **tendons** and muscles, then covering those with **flesh** and skin.
3. Now, although this method may seem complicated, artists since **antiquity** have used **anatomical** observations to try to get the proportions of the human figure as accurate as possible.
   antiquity should be known


L3

1. So if you put alcohol in water, the two liquids combine, they **disperse** into each other.
2. Dirty water is water that has **suspended** solid matter in it.
   这里指悬浮的，除此之外还有暂停的，缓判的意思
3. If you **distill** salt water, water gets boiled away from the solution, and only the salt remains behind.

L4

1. And we're going to focus on **ceramic** cooking vessels from just one part of the world.
   ceramic = the thing is a pottery
2. Here's where we need to look beyond obvious factor and consider things like **culinary** preferences.
3. So in regions of the Arctic where wood was scarce, and where the houses could not withstand large fires and did not have good **ventilation**, we do find advantages associated with ceramic pots.


##### TPO46

L1

1. Swarm intelligence is a collective behavior that emerges from a group of animals, like <u>a colony of termites, a school of fish, or a flock of birds</u>.

L2

1. Why do you think so many painters in the past chose to **depict** the left side of their subject's face?

C2

1. Reading old newspapers can be a powerful experience, especially to a **budding** historian like yourself.

L3

1. It was believed that blue couldn't be an important color in a painting, because it tends to **recede** into the background.
2. Actually, the ancient Egyptians did manage to make an artificial blue- the first **synthetic** pigment.

L4

1. It's reddish orange, with a bright metallic **luster** when it's new, but  that's just the copper **plating**.

##### TPO47

C1

1. They have sort of a **nasal** quality to them, like in Celtic ballads.
   这块这个词可能就是个细节，nasal quality 在这里译为鼻音

L1

1. In France, you have the French Academy which was created to **uphold** standards of literary taste.
   别想成字面意思就行
2. You know, have five acts, sophisticated language, <u>et cetera</u>.
   means so forth
3. It's got a really confusing, **convoluted** storyline.
4. But its **premiere** was anything but ordinary.
5. For neo classicists, a play could only be dramatic, and high art, or comic, light-hearted. And in either case, there was still a sense of **decorum**.
6. Hugo suspected that neoclassical audiences would be **hostile** to this new form, and the idea it represented.
7. And Hugo writes about this arrival of the romantics, these wild and **bizarre** characters and their **outlandish** costumes, which stupefied and **infuriated** the more conventional theater-goers.


L4

1. Listen to part of a lecture in a meteorology class.
   气象学的
2. One result of these interactions is that **equatorial** air masses move away from the **equator**.
3. Because a primary way that heat energy is transferred by wind **is mediated by** the process of evaporation.


##### TPO48

L1

1. **Chronologically**, that would be impossible.
2. O'keeffe **juxtaposes** it against a silver background.

L2

1. We know that the Earth's surface - the crust - is made up of **tectonic** plates and that these huge **slabs** of rocky crust are slowly sliding over or under or past each other.
2. How do we explain these volcanic **anomalies**...these exceptions to the general rule?

L3

1. For example, when **symbiosis** is used as a <u>synonym</u> for **mutualism**.
2. Their interaction with ants is **obligatory**.
3. As the **caterpillar** gets a litter older and finds shelter under nearby rocks or stones to protect itself from predators, it's always attended or **escorted** by ants.

L4

1. In the case of steel industry, this means the mining of iron **ore**, the transportation used to get ore from the mine to the **mill**, turning the ore into the steel, the manufacturing process and sales.
2. This is of course gave his a lot of political **clout**.


##### TPO49

C1

1. But it looks like that **expired** at the end of last semester.
2. <u>The plot thickens</u>!
3. It involves some **annotations** in the particular edition here.
4. These types of **extraneous** marking might also be noted.
5. I feel like staking on thin ice with her.

L1

1. That is , the areas where the ground is always frozen, except for the very top layer - what we call the active layer of **permafrost** - which melts in the summer and refreezes again in the winter. The northern part of Alaska is covered in lakes and most of these are what we call **thaw** lakes.
2. Wouldn't that **erode** the lake bank in that direction?

L2

1. And having furniture and materials made to tit them make kids feel more **competent**.
2. They may be guided by the teacher, but it's ultimately up to each child to select tasks. Which brings us to the **manipulative** equipment you find in a Montessori classroom.

L3

1. They are very well **insulated**.
2. And one more thing about lichens, they **crank out** a lot of chemicals, which is probably at least part of the reason why they're not considered all that tasty by most animals.
3. In spring they have to eat different plants and **replenish** what they've lost over the winter.

L4

1. A good example of this comes from fifteenth-century Dutch **ceramics**.


##### TPO50

C1

1. It really **cemented** my interest in becoming a political scientist.
2. We're getting ready to conduct a **straw poll** on campus.

##### TPO51

L1

1. It's a pretty impressive **feat**, and you can easily see why so many experts would have been skeptical.

L2

1. The Roman numeral system developed primarily as a means of record keeping, as a way to keep track of commercial transactions, **census** records, things of that sort.
2. It wasn't an **impediment** as far as sort of basic engineering was concerned,either, to their ability to construct building, roads stuff like that.

L3

1. This required a lot of dedication, and Audubon is best remembered as an incredibly **meticulous**, accurate artist.





















