托福2020考前复习-Reading 

[TOC]

##### TPO35

P1

1. One of the first recorded observers to **surmise** a long age for Earth was the Greek historian Herodotus.
   这个单词应该能从前后文推断出来
2. More important than the amount of time Herodotus computed, **which** turns out to be **trivial** compared with the age of Earth, was the notion that  one could estimate ages of geologic features by determining rates of the processes responsible for such features, and the assuming the rates to be roughly constant **over time**.
   中间的一个定语从句干扰了整体句子的理解
   trivial这个词不认识可太难了
   constant over time 历史上(超越时间)相对稳定
3. Similar applications of this concept **were to be used** again and again in later centuries to estimate the ages of rock formations and, in particular, **of** layers of sediment that had **compacted** and **cemented** to form sedimentary rocks.
   was/were to be used 表示在这个时间点(过去时)之后被使用，注意时间轴
   第二个of注意所属名词
   compact cement 生词 (compact好像背过？)
4. Forces associated with **subterranean** heat cause land to be uplifted into **plateaus** and mountain ranges.
   subterranean & plateaus 都是9月背过的单词，但是忘记了实际应用
5. With the further assumption that these geologic processes were generally no more or less **vigorous** than they are today, Hutton's examination of sedimentary layers led him to realize that Earth's history must be enormous, that geologic time is a **abyss** and human history a **speck** by comparison.
   句子不是很难理解，生词 vigorous abyss speck
6. Various other techniques to estimate Earth's age **fell short**, and particularly noteworthy in this regard were **flawed** determinations of the Sun's age.
   fell short 在这里结合文章的意思为低估
   flawed 
7. Ages for Earth were **derived** that were in the tens of millions of years, much less than the geologic estimates of the **lime**.
   derive & lime
8. From the initial work came a suite of discoveries leading to radio **isotopic** dating, which quickly led to the realization that Earth must be billions of years old, and to the discovery of nuclear fusion as an energy source capable of sustaining the Sun's luminosity for the amount of time.
   生词isotopic
9. By the 1960s, both analysis of meteorites and refinements of solar evolution models **converged** on an age for the solar system, **and hence for Earth**, of 4.5 billion years.
   converge
   hence for Earth, 这里暗指太阳系和地球的年龄一样，所以是差不多相同时间诞生的

P2

1. For most of human history, we have **foraged**(hunted, fished, and collected wild plants) for food. Small **nomadic** groups could easily supply the necessities for their families.
   forage 文章中给了这个词的英文解释，记得根据解释进行猜测
   nomadic 这个词在历史社会学中都出现过，注意
2. Such societies likely were largely **egalitarian**, beyond distinctions based on age and gender, **virtually** all people had equivalent rights, status, and access to resources.
   egalitarian; virtually的同义词替换
3. In his view, nomadic, simple foragers have relatively low levels of **fertility**.
    fertility 这个词的多个意思
4. High levels of physical activity and long periods of nursing, **which** are common among modern simple foragers, probably also contributed to low levels of female fertility **if** they were likewise common among ancient foragers.
   which 引导的从句修饰前面的句子，展示了现代游牧者的性质
   if 引导的从句解释的一种可能性，两个从句将句子分隔的很散，注意理解
5. These more vulnerable members of society could safely stay in a fixed village **rather than** be forced regularly to move great distances **as** part of a nomadic existence, **with** its greater risk of accidents and **trauma**.
   注意几个介词修饰的对象
   trauma
6. And human population growth is like a runaway **tram** once it picks up speed, it is difficult to control.
   tram 后面有小句暗示这个词的比喻含义
7. So even after reaching an area's carrying capacity, Holocene human populations probably continued to grow in food-rich regions, **overshooting** the ability of the territory to feed the population, again within the context of the same **subsistence** strategy.
   overshoot & subsistence
8. **Impinging** on the neighbors' territory can lead to conflict, especially when they too are up against the capacity of the land to provide enough food.
   impinge


P3

1. This succession is different from typical **terrestrial** ecological succession in which various plants replace one another until finally a so-called **climax** community develops,which persists for many years.
   terrestrial & climax
2. Each species of phytoplankton **secretes** or **excretes** organic **molecules** into the seawater.
   secrete & excrete &molecule
3. These **metabolites** can have an effect on the organisms living in the seawater, either **inhibiting** or promoting their growth.
   metabolite 可从前句中的出意思；inhibit可以从后面的promote 得出意思
4. This toxin can be concentrated in such filter-feeding organisms as **clams** and **mussels**, **rendering** them toxic to humans.
   clam & mussel & render
5. Some species may be unable to **thrive** until a particular vitamin, or a group of vitamins, is present in the water.
   thrive


##### TPO36

P1

1. The numerous plants and animals living in the soil release **minerals** from the parent material from which soil is formed, supply organic matter, aid in the translocation(movement) and **aeration** of the soil, and help protect the soil from erosion.
   这两个词也是九月背过的
2. For this reason, a soil scientist can tell a great deal about the attributes of the soil in any given area simply from knowing that kind of **flora** the soil supports. Thus **prairies** and **tundra** regions, which have characteristic **vegetations**, also have characteristic soils.
   flora&tundra 这两个词在生物学文本中常见
3. The quantity and total weight of soil flora generally **exceed** that of soil **fauna**.
   exceed 应该知道 
4. Others decompose organic litter(**debris**) to form **humus**(nutrient-rich organic matter). A third group of bacteria inhabits the root systems of plants called **legumes**.
5. Trees, grass, and other large plants supply the **bulk** of the soil's humus.
6. The minerals released <u>as</u> these plants decompose on the surface <u>**constitute**</u> an important nutrient source for **succeeding** generations of plants as well as for other soil organisms.
   注意句式
7. The **faunal** **counterparts** of bacteria are **protozoa**.
8. **Earthworms** **ingest** large quantities of soil, chemically alter it, and excrete it as organic matter called **casts**.

P2

1. For a year and a half the Beacon **crisscrossed** the **Aegean** waters.
   后面这个著名地名应该了解
2. During that time Forbes was able to  drag this small, triangular **dredge** - a tool with  a **leather** net for capturing creatures along the sea button - at a hundred locations, at depth ranging from 6 to 1380 feet. 
   中间插入解释句
3. Forbes also thought he saw, as he later told the British Association, that "the number of species and individuals **diminishes** as we **descend**, pointing to a zero in the distribution of animal life as yet unvisited."
4. Forbes's azoic zone was entirely **plausible** at the time, and it was certainly far from the strangest idea that was **entertained** about the deep sea.
   entertain 的中文意思与想象中不同
5. The central **implication** of all these misconceptions was that nothing could live in the **abyss**, just as Forbes's observations seemed to indicate.
   abyss TPO35 见过
6. His azoic zone, then, was a plausible but wild **extrapolation** from pioneering but **feeble** data.
7. Searching for the Northwest **Passage** from the Atlantic to the Pacific in 1818, Sir John Ross had lowered his "deep-sea calm" - a sort of bivalved sediment scoop - into the water of Baffin Bay, which the determined to be more than a thousand **fathoms** deep in some places.
   注意带破折号的解释句，不要被中间的解释句打乱原句的理解；这里passage 的地理解释


P3

1. The idea of natural selection is that organisms in a species that have characteristics favoring survival are most likely to survive and produce **offspring** with the same characteristics.
2. Coal from industry released large amounts of black **soot** into the environment, but the increase of the dark-colored forms was not due to genetic mutations caused by industrial pollution.
3. Kettlewell hypothesized that the normal pale forms are difficult to see when resting on lichen-covered trees, whereas dark forms are **conspicuous**.
4. As a test, Kettlewell set up hidden observation positions and watched birds **voraciously** eat moths placed on tree trunks of a contrasting color.


##### TPO37

37这次听力和阅读做的时候都心不在焉的，也没有仔细读题干

P1

1. His two best-known followers, though there were undoubtedly others who attained less **renown**, were Anaximander and Anaximenes.
2. Unfortunately, too, the most of the written work for Anaximenes, who may have been Anaximander's **pupil**, has also been lost.
3. Compressed, it became water and earth, and when **rarefied** or **thinned out**, it heated up tp become fire.
4. A scientific theory about the universe, however, demands much more than the various observations and analogies <u>that</u> were **woven** together to form systems of reasoning, carefully constructed as they were, <u>that</u> would eventually **culminate** in Aristotle's model of the world and the universe. 
   这句比较长，从句位置不明显，导致理解上出问题，但是11题也可以从后面的句子判断出来，要集中注意力去读

P2

1. The number of translocations carried out under the **banner** of conservation has increased rapidly, and this has led to criticism of the technique because of the lack of evaluation of its **<u>efficacy</u>** and because of its potential disadvantages.
   The nature of translocation ranges from highly organized and researched national or international programs to **ad hoc** releases of rescued animals by well-intentioned animal lovers.
   这篇词意题错的太多了，太离谱了，靠前建议把词意题都写一遍
2. They can increase the number of existing populations or increase the size, genetic diversity and **demographic** balance of a small population, consequently increasing its chances of survival.
3. Translocation clearly has a role in the recovery of species that have **substantially** declined and is the most likely method by which many sedentary species can recover all or part of their former range.
   词意题
4. However, against this is the potential for reinforcement translocations to spread disease from one population to another or to introduce **deleterious** or **maladaptive** gene to a population.
5. This makes **appraisal** of the method very difficult.
   词意题，每次都有这个词好像见过的感觉

P3

1. One one hand were the buildings produced for the wealthy or for **civic** purposes, which tended to echo the architecture of the past and to use traditional styles of **ornamentation**. On the other hand were purely **utilitarian** structures, such as factories and grain elevators, which employed modern materials such as steel **girders** and plate glass in an **undisguised** and **unadorned** manner.
2. The development of modern architecture might in large part be seen as an adaptation of this sort of functional building and its **pervasive** application for daily use.(**silo**)
3. For example, glass could be used to open up walls and eliminate their stone and brick **masonry** because large spaces could now be spanned with steel **beams**.
4. The fundamental **premise** of modern architecture was that the appearance of the building should exhibit the nature of its materials and forms of physical support.
5. Wright's most dramatic residence, Fallingwater, has balconies that **thrust** far out over a stream in a way that seems to **defy** gravity.
6. Updated and **electrified** versions of the **freight** elevator that had been introduced by EGO in 1853 solved this problem.
7. However, when the metal is encased in fire-**retardant** materials, its vulnerability to fire is much decreased. In Chicago, a system was developed for surrounding the metal components with **hollow** **tiles** mad from brick-like terra-cotta. Such tiles are **impervious** to fire.


##### TPO38

P1

1. The first microscopes were light microscopes, which work by passing visible light through a **specimen**.
2. Glass **lenses** in the microscope bend the light to **magnify** the image of the specimen and project the image into the viewer's eye or onto photographic film.
3. Electron microscopes have truly revolutionized the study of cells and cell **organelles**.
4. For a biologist studying a living process, such as the **whirling** movement of a bacterium.


P2

1. Furthermore, they have been **deliberately** introduced throughout the continent.
2. To **restock** hunting areas and, **presumably**, because people simply want them to be part of their local fauna.
3. In the 1950s their population **swelled** in Canada. The control of **coyotes** in the prairie region in the 1950s may have been a factor in raccoon expansion.
4. The **extermination** of the wolf from most of the **contiguous** United States may have been a critical factor in the raccoon's expansion and numerical increase.
5. When the wolfs range included almost all of North America, raccoons apparently were abundant only in the **deciduous** forests of the East.
6. In such areas, their **arboreal** habits and the presence of **hollow** den trees should have offer some protection from wolves and other large predators.


P3

1. Most often, these plants either contain a gene making them resistant to the **herbicide** **glyphosate**, or they contain an insect-resistant gene that produces a protein.
2. Because they allow farmers to use fewer and less **noxious** chemicals for crop production. In addition, when glyphosate is used to control **weeds**, other more persistent herbicides do not need to be applied.
3. For example, **monarch** **caterpillars** feeding on milkweed plants near Bt corn fields will eat some corn **pollen** that has fallen on the milkweed leaves.
4. Another unanswered question is whether **herbicide**-resistant genes will move into the populations of weeds.
5. If the crop plants **hybridize** and reproduce with weedy relatives, then this herbicide-resistant gene will be **perpetuated** in the population
6. For example, canola **readily** hybridizes with **mustard** weed species and could transfer its herbicide-resistant genes to those weeds.
7. Perhaps the most serious concern about the transgenic crop plants currently in use is that they encourage farmers to <u>move farther away</u> from sustainable agricultural farming practices, meaning ones that allow natural resources to continually regenerate over the long run.
   这里下划线的部分不是地理上的远离，而是抽象概念上的偏离
8. Transgenics, at least **superficially**, simplify farming by reducing the choices made by the manager.

##### TPO39

P1

1. It is from the great libraries and word- **hoards** of these ancient lands that the first text emerged.
2. **Cuneiform** writing lasted for some 3000 years, in a vast line of succession that ran through Sumer, Akkad and so forth.(**Mesopotamia**)
   这个词在考古学文章中应该常见
3. Later, **Babylonian** scribes recorded the laws and kept other kinds of records.
   同上
4. More **esoteric** texts attempt to explain old Babylonian customs, such as the procedure for curing someone who is ill, which included **rubbing** **tar** and **gypsum** on the sick person's door and drawing a design at the foot of the person's bed.
5. In it, king and warrior, is crushed by the death of his best friend and so sets out on adventures that **prefigure** mythical heroes of ancient Greek legends such as Hercules.
6. His goal is not just to survive his **ordeals** but to make sense of his life.(**epic**)
7. The ancient Egyptians invented a different way of writing and a new substance to write on - **papyrus**, a **precursor** of paper, made from a wetland plant.
8. Each symbol or **glyph** was a tiny work of art. 
9. Egyptologists have noticed that the glyphs that constitute individual words were sometimes **shuffled** to make the text more pleasing to the eye with little regard for sound or sense.


P2

1. Now extinct,moa were **gigantic** wingless birds that stood as much as 10 feet tall and weighed as much as 550 pounds.
2. They are known from a diverse array of remains including eggshells, eggs, a few **mummified** **carcasses**, vast numbers of bones, and some older fossilized bone.
3. The species of moa that are currently recognized occupied ecological niches customarily filled elsewhere by large **mammalian** browsing **herbivores**.
4. Forest and **shrubland** burning appears to have reduced the prime habitat of many moa species.
5. The Maori may have also **inadvertently** brought pests and disease organisms in **fowls**, which could have crossed over to **eradicate** moa populations.

P3

1. The outcome is sometimes an unstoppable **inferno**.

##### TPO40

P1

1. The problems that were faced and solved in Athens were the sharing of political power between the established **aristocracy** and the emerging other classes, and the adjustment of aristocratic ways of life to the ways of life of new polis.
2. Within this traditional framework the Athenians, between 600 BC and 450 BC, evolved what Greeks regarded as a fully **fledged** democratic constitution, though the right to vote was given to fewer groups of people than is seen in modern times.
3. The strength of the Athenian aristocracy was further weakened during the rest of the century by the rise of a type of government known as a **tyranny**, which is a form of **interim** rule by a popular strongman (not rule by a ruthless **dictator** as the modern use of the term suggests us).
4. <u>Cleisthenes</u>' principal contribution to the creation of democracy at Athens was to complete the long process of weakening family and **clan** structures.
5. The assembly was **sovereign** in all matters but in practice delegated its power to **subordinate** bodies such as the council.
6. National politics rather than local or deme politics became the **focal** point.
7. It was precisely this opportunity to participate in public life that provided a **stimulus** for the brilliant **unfolding** of classical Greek culture.


P2

1. Where conditions are most suitable for plant growth - that is, where temperatures are relatively high and **uniform** and where there is an **ample** supply of water - one usually finds large masses of vegetation.
2. In a mature **floodplain** tropical forest in the Amazon River, the **canopy**(the uppermost layers of a forest, formed by the crowns of trees).
3. It forms the **spatial** environment within which an animal feeds, moves around shelters, lives, and breeds.

P3

1. In contrast to mammals and birds, amphibians are unable to produce **thermal** energy through their metabolic activity, which would allow them to regulate their body temperature independent of the surrounding or **ambient** temperature.
2. **Physiological** adaptations can assist amphibians in colonizing habitats where extreme conditions **prevail**.
3. The other tissues are protected because they contain the frost-protective agents **glycerin** or **glucose**.
4. Additionally, in many species the tolerance boundaries are flexible and can change as a result of **acclimatization**(long-term exposure to particular conditions).
5. Frog species that remain exposed to the sun despite high **diurnal**(daytime) temperatures exhibit some fascinating modifications in the skin structure that function as **morphological** adaptations.
6. Most amphibian skin is fully water **permeable** and is therefore not a barrier against evaporation or solar radiation.
7. The tree frog responds to evaporative losses with **gland** **secretions** that provide a **greasy** **film** over its entire body that helps prevent **desiccation**(dehydration).
8. The principal elements in behavioral <u>thermoregulation</u> are **basking**, heat exchange with **substrates** such as rock or earth.
9. **Nocturnal** activity in amphibians with low tolerance for high ambient temperatures is a typical thermoregulatory behavior of avoidance.
10. Summer **estivation** also occurs by **burrowing** into the ground or hiding in cool, deep rock **crevasses** to avoid desiccation and lethal ambient temperature.
   注意 <u>estivation 与 hibernation</u>
11. Amphibians are therefore hardly <u>at mercy of</u> ambient temperature, since by means of the mechanisms described above they are more than exercise some control over their body temperature.
    at mercy of 受…支配

##### TPO41

P1

1. The Navajo, a native American people living in the southwestern United States, live in small **scattered** settlements.
2. At the same time, they have **retained** some traditional cultural practices that are associated with particular art forms.
3. These are actually made by pouring thin, finely controlled streams of colored sands or **pulverized** vegetable and mineral substances, pollen, and flowers in precise patterns on the ground.
4. Working from the inside of the design outward, the Navajo artist and his assistants will **sift** materials through their finger to create the finely detailed imagery.
5. The paintings and chants used in the ceremonies directed by well-trained artists and singers who <u>enlist the aid of</u> spirits who are **impersonated** by masked performers.
6. The songs sung over the painting are also faithful **renditions** of songs from the past.
7. Navajo women own the family flocks, control the **shearing** of the sheep, the **carding** ,the **spinning**, and **dyeing** of the thread, and the **weaving** of the fabrics.
8. Weaving is a **paradigm** of the creativity of a mythic ancestor.
9. Working on their **looms**, Navajo weavers create images through which experience harmony with nature.

P2

1. The original atmospheres of both Venus and Earth were **derived** at least in part from gases **spewed** forth, or outgassed by volcanoes.
2. The gases that **emanate** from present-day volcanoes on Earth, are predominantly water vapor, carbon dioxide, and sulfur dioxide.

P3

1. **Bartering** was a basic trade mechanism for many thousands of years; often **sporadic** and usually based on notions of **reciprocity**, it involved the **mutual** exchange of commodities or objects between individuals or groups.
2. Interest in long-distance trade brought about some cultural **homogeneity** from trade and gift exchange, and perhaps even led to **piracy**.
3. Such connections, and the trading **expeditions** to maintain them, could not be organized by individual villages.
4. **Intricate** market networks channeled supplies along well-defined routes.
5. Authorities at both ends might regulate the profits fed back to the source, providing the **incentive** for further transactions.

##### TPO42

P1

1. How **formidable** must a geographic barrier be to keep populations apart?
2. The passage of wind-blown tree pollen is also not **hindered** by such barriers.
3. In contrast, small **rodents** may <u>find</u> a deep canyon or a wide river an effective barrier.
   这里find等同于see as
4. For example, in less than two million years, small populations of **stray** animals and plants from the South American mainland that managed to colonize the Galapagos Islands.
5. The species on the Galapagos Islands today, most of which occur nowhere else, **descended** from organisms that floated, flew or blown over the sea from the South American mainland.

P2

1. Some explanations fail because there is no way to scientifically test them, and they can not move beyond the **realm** of speculation and guesswork.
2. It wiped out many kinds of **plankton** in the ocean and many marine organisms that lived on the plankton at the base of the food chain.
3. According to one  theory, the Age of Dinosaurs ended suddenly 65 million years ago when a giant rock from space **plummeted** to Earth.
4. Meanwhile, the **bolide** itself **excavated** 100 cubic kilometers of rock and **debris** from the site, which rose to an altitude of 100 kilometers.
5. According to computerized climate models, global temperatures fell to near the freezing point, photosynthesis **halted**.

